// Game 0.4.7 beta: rewritten item descriptions, new clothing and furniture, special customers
Heart Shades
Swirly Mustache
Cult Eye
Alpha T-Shirt
Green Tie-Dye T-Shirt
Chest Hair
Peace Sign
Upper Body Collection
Biker Mustache
Beard Bushy
Earpiece
Rebel
Crack Attack T-Shirt
Sticky Note
Stained Singlet
Bateman Glasses
Commie Glasses
Flag Bandana
Bandana
Brokeleys
Shutter Shades
Hot T-Shirt
Mesh Top
Biker Jacket
Leather Jacket
Jersey
Chain
Star Shades
Yellow Tie-Dye T-Shirt
Pink Tie-Dye T-Shirt
Aqua Tie-Dye T-Shirt
Silver Aviators
Gold Aviators
Dotted Tie
Cross Tie
Checked Tie
Striped Tie
Tube Top
Panzer Helmet
Beer Hat
Jet Helmet
Wall-mounted metal sign that you can write on.
Fun day at the beach for everyone.
Very good girl.
Ceramic toilet for disposing of waste matter.
Wall-mounted wooden sign that you can write on.
Persian Rug
Hand-woven Persian rug. It really ties the room together.
Black Rubber Mat ({0}x1)
Black rubber floor mat measuring {0} by {1} tiles.
Black Rubber Mat ({0}x2)
Black Rubber Mat ({0}x4)
Conference Table
Big fancy conference table. You can place stuff on it.
Square metal table. You can place stuff on it.
Cozy single bed to slumber in.
Square wooden table. You can place stuff on it.
Antique lamp that can be placed on walls. Can't be used to grow plants, but it's great for seeing stuff.
Standing floor lamp. Can be switched on and off.
Very fancy full-spectrum grow light. Stimulates plant growth much faster than halogen. Must be placed on a suspension rack.
Simple LED grow light. Emits a purple light that stimulates plant growth faster than halogen. Must be placed on a suspension rack.
Minimalist lamp that can be placed on walls. Can't be used to grow plants, but it's great for seeing stuff.
Fancy hand-woven fabric pot that keeps roots ventilated. Boosts plant growth speed, but also increases moisture drain.
Small grow tent with a built-in light and pot. Plants grow faster but smaller.
Special metal pot that preserves moisture. Soil loses moisture more slowly.
Special-purpose laboratory oven for cooking or drying out substances.
Upgraded mixing station with automatic ingredient insertion and faster mix times.
Provides a sterile environment to inoculate grain bags with spore syringes.
Upgraded packaging station with a rotary packing tool. Allows for much faster packing of products.
Big metal locker. Can be assigned to employees or used for general storage.
Big metal safe to store all your fancy stuff in.
Huge metal storage closet with loads of item slots.
Large metal storage closet with lots of item slots.
Medium metal storage closet with a decent number of item slots.
Small metal storage closet with a handful of item slots.
Large multi-tier storage rack with lots of item slots.
Medium multi-tier storage rack with a decent number of item slots.
Small multi-tier storage rack with a handful of item slots.
Wall-mounted shelf that you can place items on.
When activated, waters the surrounding pots.
When activated, fills the adjacent pot or grow tent with soil.
When activated, waters the adjacent pot or grow tent.
Browline Glasses
Round Tinted Glasses
Shady-looking shades.
Big ol' heavy-duty stompers.
Flats, typically worn by women, but men can wear them too.
Traditional headwear for a chef. Perfect for concealing a rodent in.
Cap that somebody drove over.
Paisley Bandana
Must-have for an aspiring kingpin.
USA Bandana
Blue Tie
Brown Tie
Green Tie
Red Tie
Blazer, sports jacket, suit jacket - who knows the difference?
Very tough-looking vest. It doesn't actually block bullets, though.
Aqua Tie-Dye Shirt
Button-up shirt with permanently rolled sleeves.
Dirty Tank Top
Shirt of choice for internet music critics.
Hot Shirt
Molerats Jersey
Purple Tie-Dye Shirt
It's a T-shirt.
Shirt with a V-shaped neck.
Yellow Tie-Dye Shirt
Solid gold wristwatch to tastefully display your wealth.
Solid silver wristwatch to tastefully display your mild affluence.
Fancy French champagne in a gold-plated bottle.
Bar of solid gold. Extremely heavy and valuable.
Aged Tennessee whiskey of the finest quality.
Bag of sterilized grain with an injection port. Inject with mushroom spores to begin the cultivation process.
Common ingredient used in a chemistry station.
Organic explosive compound. Common ingredient in military-grade explosives.
Old wood with some wheels nailed to it. Not fancy, but it rolls.
Cruiser skateboard designed for high-speed, straight-line motion. Not particularly agile.
Skateboard with big-ass wheels for off-road travel. Doesn't slow down when rolling over rough terrain.
Classic double-kick popsicle skateboard. Use it to get around faster than on foot.
Electric plant trimmers. Simply click and drag to harvest.
Small handheld flashlight for illuminating stuff.
Old key used to access the sewers under Hyland Point.
Spray paint for drawing graffiti.
Used to gather up trash, or to bag the contents of a trash can.
Basic plant trimmers. Essential for harvesting plants.
Improvised yet powerful explosive device.
Big ol' cast-iron skillet. Great for cooking and for beating the shit out of people (but not at the same time).
Single {0}-gauge shotgun shell.
Legendary!
Thanks dude!
Woohoo!
The party lives on!
Hell yeah.
Right on.
Good stuff.
Appreciate it.
Excellent!
Thanks buddy!
Just what we needed!
Hell yeah!
Thank you, friend.
Lovely.
Perfect, thank you.
You can use your management clipboard on each pot to assign its destination.
I see him skulking around the docks at night every now and then. He needs to go. You do that for me, and I'll wire up anything you need.
Good doing business with ya! Your new ride is waiting outside.
That'll be a <SIGN_FEE> signing fee, and the employee's daily wage will be <DAILY_WAGE>.
Got it. Where do you want them?
Oh! And I remember hearing <color=blue><NPC_DESCRIPTION></color> has one! Sorry, Oscar isn't very good with names. Hope this helps.
Hyland Medical (<PRICE>)
No it ain't. In fact, ol' Nellie already owes us some serious cash...
Refreshing can of Cuke that leaves you feeling energized. It's heaven in a can.
Jerry can full of gasoline.
Big jug of ethically sourced horse semen.
Unusually large bean of mysterious origin.
Antiseptic mouthwash for minty fresh breath.
Mild over-the-counter painkiller.
Single coca seed. Grows into a coca plant, which provides coca leaves, which can be turned into something else starting with coca.
Single Granddaddy Purple marijuana seed.
Single Green Crack marijuana seed.
Single OG Kush marijuana seed.
Single Sour Diesel marijuana seed.
To get started, go purchase a <h1>mixing station</h> from Dan's Hardware. After that, you'll want to grab something to mix with your weed from the local Gas-Mart.
Looks like you're gonna need somewhere low-key to stay for a while. Head over to the <h1>motel</h> and ask about getting a room.
After that, you'll be needing some new equipment. There's a hardware store just northeast of the motel. Grab a <h1>grow tent, soil</h>, and <h1>watering can.</h>
First things first, you're gonna need a business. Go check out <h1>Ray's Realty</h>. You're probably not gonna be buying out the casino any time soon, but there should be a cheap business for sale.
Thomas and the last of his goons are holed up in Hyland Manor. It's a well-fortified old place, so attacking them head on is a death wish. Luckily, there might be another way...
Close Buzz Cut
The Businessman
Poofy Wavey
Long Wavey
Baby Blue methamphetamine variant in liquid form. Use a lab oven to bake it into solid form.
Biker Crank methamphetamine variant in liquid form. Use a lab oven to bake it into solid form.
Glass methamphetamine variant in liquid form. Use a lab oven to bake it into solid form.
Methamphetamine in liquid form. Use a lab oven to bake it into solid form.
Old-school OG Kush. Offers a balanced, relaxing high with subtle physical effects.
Potent classic with intense sedating and euphoric effects.
Potent, highly energizing strain that leaves you with a focused buzz.
Uplifting yet easy-going strain with mild cerebral effects.
Classic American handgun.
Magazine for the M1911 handgun.
Contains rounds for the revolver.
Cheap-ass revolver, probably made by communists in the {0}s. Needs to be manually cocked before each shot.
Extra long-lasting soil that survives even more plantings before expiring.
Long-lasting soil that survives multiple plantings before expiring.
Big bag of smelly stuff that mushrooms love to grow in.
Small plastic baggie for holding a small amount of product.
Compressed brick of product. Holds far more than a jar.
Clear glass jar for keeping various substances in. Holds more product than a baggie.
Orgy Tent
Hyland Medical Doctor's Office
Light Lantern
Reset cups
Buy a mixing ingredient from Gas-Mart
My friend Albert can hook you up with weed seeds. I've passed your number on to him.
Grain bag that has been inoculated with a spore syringe. Ready to be combined with mushroom substrate in a mushroom bed.
Instantly advances the plant's growth, but reduces its quality.
Syringe containing mushroom spores suspended in sterile liquid. Must be injected into a grain bag to begin growing.
Single leaf from a coca plant. The main ingredient in cocaine.
Cheers!
D-Pad/Down
D-Pad/Left
D-Pad/Up
D-Pad/Right
Base price:
Favourite Drugs
Effect
Daily Buy Limit
Their favourite drugs:
Bonus Effects
Accepted Drugs
Trending effects bonus:
Bikers
Businessmen
Hippies
Party Bus
The <NAME> have arrived.
The <NAME> are coming to town...
The <NAME> has arrived.
The <NAME> is coming to town...
Deal completed for the <NAME>
Deal completed for the
Hey boss, I've heard there's a Benzies deal happening in <NAME>, <LOCATION_DESCRIPTION>. Might be worth checking out.
Buy item
Insufficient
Thanks, here's what you asked for.
Buy limit reached
Buy limit exceeded.
Fair price: <PRICE>
Offer Free Sample
Only {0} sample product is required
Sell
Product type not wanted
Base payment:
Bonus effects:
Customer Group
